# Botmock Skills Kit Export

Generates an [Alexa Interaction Model](https://developer.amazon.com/docs/smapi/interaction-model-schema.html) from a Botmock project.

- Tutorial Video (Coming Soon)
- Documentation (Coming Soon)
- [Support Email](mailto:help@botmock.com)

## Prerequisites

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) >= 10.16.x

```shell
node --version
```

- [Amazon Developer Portal Account](http://developer.amazon.com/)

## Guide

Clone this repository and install dependencies:

```shell
git clone git@github.com:Botmock/botmock-skills-kit-export.git

cd botmock-skills-kit-export

npm i
```

Create `/.env` and fill in values for the following:

```shell
BOTMOCK_TOKEN=@YOUR-BOTMOCK-TOKEN
BOTMOCK_TEAM_ID=@YOUR-BOTMOCK-TEAM-ID
BOTMOCK_BOARD_ID=@YOUR-BOTMOCK-BOARD-ID
BOTMOCK_PROJECT_ID=@YOUR-BOTMOCK-PROJECT-ID
```

```shell
npm start
```

By default, the generated file appears in `/output`. This can be changed by including the
path to the desired output directory after the `start` command:

```shell
npm start model
```

### Uploading the generated model in the Alexa developer console

Go to [your Alexa skills kit dashboard](https://developer.amazon.com/alexa/console/ask).

Click **Create Skill**.

Enter skill name and click **Create Skill**.

Choose **Start from scratch**.

Click **JSON Editor** in the left sidebar.

Click **Drag and drop a .json file** and choose the file generated by this script.

Click **Save Model**.

Click **Build Model**.

Upon success of the build, click **Utterance Profiler**.

## Want to help?

Found bugs or have some ideas to improve this integration? We'd love to to hear from you! You can start by submitting an issue at the [Issues](https://github.com/Botmock/botmock-skills-kit-export/issues) tab. If you want, feel free to submit a pull request and propose a change as well!

### Submitting a Pull Request

1. Start with creating an issue if possible, the more information, the better!
2. Fork the Repository
3. Make a new change under a branch based on master. Ideally, the branch should be based on the issue you made such as "issue-530"
4. Send the Pull Request, followed by a brief description of the changes you've made. Reference the issue.

_NOTE: Make sure to leave any sensitive information out of an issue when reporting a bug with imagery or copying and pasting error data. We want to make sure all your info is safe!_

## License

Botmock Skills Kit Export is copyright © 2019 Botmock. It is free software, and may be redistributed under the terms specified in the LICENSE file.
